# **Team Meeting**

## **02 June 2025** / 7 PM \- 8 PM / Partner Meeting

# **Attendees** 

Amirali, Madeline, Jaden, Michael, Chelsey, Jin, Kiko (Everyone), Partner (Mehdi)

# **Agenda**

## **Discuss previous work**

1. Discuss what work we’ve done in the past week, as well as gloss over what was done for deliverable one.

## **Discuss future tasks**

2. Discuss with the partner what we should continue to work on throughout the upcoming week, as well as re-evaluate the work split.

# **Notes**

* Partner wants us to make sure we edit and change the API design doc since the specifications have been changed to use REST instead of gRPC. Further, the partner suggested we don’t attempt to use both for different service layers since it will complicate our work much more than necessary.

* Discussed what each student should continue working on, as well as what they should hope to have ready before next week's meeting. Since there is no deliverable this week, we will be completely focused on the work assigned today, and the split work will be updated as issues on the github.

# **Next Meeting Agenda**

Tutorial meetup to discuss our tasks with the TA; discuss with the TA on our partner meeting, as well as our work for the week and the work for before the partner meeting. We also want to double-check and make sure the TA is aware of our work and our partner repository situation, and we should ask how often we should pull from the partner repository to the school repository.
