# **Team Meeting**

## **28 May 2025** / 7 PM \- 7:30 PM / Tutorial Meeting

# **Attendees** 

Amirali, Madeline, Jaden, Michael, Chelsey, Jin, Kiko (Everyone)

# **Agenda**

## **Discussing the Deliverables**

1. Discuss what still needs to be done in the deliverables, what needs to be polished before handing in, as well as ask TA about certain parts that we are unsure of.

## **Discuss the user stories**

2. Before the meeting, the partner shared some concerns about our user stories and wanted us to change them slightly to better suit the project.

# **Notes**

* Needed to polish a few of the questions we weren't clear on. We also went more into detail with each other about the diagrams that were created and if they were good enough.

* Discussed what fixes are needed for the user stories, and tried to figure out what the partner was looking for before we fixed it and resent an email for confirmation.

* The TA told us that the deliverables each build on top of the deliverable 1 setup, so if we don't have all of the information perfectly, we will get a chance to improve upon it. Then the TA asked what tasks we had completed before the tutorial, having to do with the project.

# **Next Meeting Agenda**

Partner meetup to discuss next steps; discuss with the partner on what each person needs to do, and our initial week plan for the upcoming week with no deliverables. We also want to double-check and make sure all planning is perfectly aligned with the partner's desires and what to change if not.
